NECESSARY COOKIES

These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website. Without these cookies, GlobalEnglish cannot provide services you have asked for, like secure login areas.

PERFORMANCE (OR ANALYTICS) COOKIES

These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don¡¯t collect information about the actual identity (e.g. first and last name) of a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with independent research and measurement companies, such as Google Analytics, to provide these services on our behalf and these third parties also have their own privacy policies, in addition to data processing agreements with us. For further information about Google Analytics, and for links to Google¡¯s Privacy Policy and an opt-out tool for Google Analytics, go to www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html. By using this Site you agree we may place these types of cookies on your device.

FUNCTIONALITY COOKIES

These cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.

More Information
If you would like to find out more about cookies you may find the following link useful: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/

Managing Cookies & Do Not Track Options

You can review your options to manage cookies by:

by clicking on the opt out links provided in the Cookie List below
by opening the ¡°Help¡± menu on the browser menu bar. Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
visit http://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and/or http://youronlinechoices.com for choices to opt out of advertising
If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and services (including sign in).

Permission to Use Cookies: By using GlobalEnglish sites you agree, and we will assume you consent, to receive cookies unless you manage your cookie choices by one of the means set out above.

Flash cookies, web beacons, IP addresses: Adobe Flash Player is an application that allows sites to deploy dynamic web content. Adobe Flash and similar applications use technology to remember settings, preferences, and usage in ways that are similar to browser cookies, but are managed through a different interface than your web browser. You can access your Flash management tools from http://www.adobe.com/ directly to manage your cookie settings. From time to time, we may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our websites or other online properties or include them in the e-mail messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as "web bugs") are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization. We also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.